the training the day after the triumph
The little Spaniard looked
Relaxed on the balcony of the club
on land
together with matthias sammer the
bandaged lower leg of tiago
pure precaution this evening
against postage is always remembered
stay
We are born for such games
are proud to play you pressure is
always says good years with sentences like
this consists of pep guardiola and
at fc bavaria every fitness test this
fighter but above all his mentality
who believed everything could happen
he has the confidence is not afraid to
play is no matter where we play and out
I am very satisfied with this reason
we can do that no matter how one set of
thiago how the munich painted me
San fits me paintings and the will and
character of the 24-year-old
tiago makes the bavaria stronger
none of the theory of pep guardiola
better translated into practice
That's another reason why the coach once lived
his wish player to the condition
made diarrhea or nothing if you do that
this grammatical sentence becomes or the
club settled the favorite student 25
cost millions of euros
Thiago brought the Munichers for a long time
especially trouble
his approximately one-year-old and heike
injury break solved the dispute with
club doctor müller welfare out first
three weeks ago, tiago celebrated 371
days break at 1 0 in dortmund
comeback he has no fear playing no
fear no matter where he plays
without we are very very satisfied
He is still playing and I wanted
wolters santiago the new darling of
Bavaria
and if the little spanier of the also
Brazilian citizenship
possesses physically even more and more
play rhythm is still of him
to expect a lot